---
feed: release_note
title:  "2024-05-03"
date:   2024-05-03 12:00:00 +0200
layout: post
description: |
  🌸Spring is there with new features!<br>
  Datama now allows Microsoft Teams export, AI comments enhancement and organisation accounts in beta <br>
  Anomaly detection algorithms have also been improved among other cool things
---

* **General**
    * Datama exports now includes **Microsoft Teams** notifications: on top of emails, URLs and Slack, Datama insights are now available right in your Teams, so that you can react, comment and act as a team to improve your business. 
    When you are in a workbook (Compare, Detect etc), just click on the share button on the top right, select Teams logo, connect to your Microsoft account and schedule the frequency of your export!
    * [Beta 🧪] **Organisation accounts** are now available for beta testers. Currently, Organisation logic allows to create an organisation for your team or your entreprise, invite members and share worbooks within all members of the organisations. 
    Main benefits are:
      * No more shared credentials within an organisation - each member creates his Datama account, join the organization and benefits from the organisation's licence benefits
      * Invite and manage up to 10 members for default organization
      * You can work on your own draft workbooks before sharing within the organization and being able to schedule exports
      * Visualize who created which workbook on your home page
      * Upcoming - not yet released - features include sharing of credentials, organization status management and organisation switch
    * [Beta 🧪] **AI Enhanced comments**: using selected LLM provider (for now only ChatGPT from OpenAI), you can ask AI to change or enrich the comments generated by Datama right in the interface. Since Datama won't share your data with LLM providers without your explicit agreement, Beta testers should make sure to enable sharing the selected comments first. 

* **Datama Prep**
    * Large dataset (>100k lines) upload in Datama Prep is now much faster, has we improved the way we import the data
    * "What if" block now supports multiple what if in a row, to create multiple scenari

* **Detect**
    * You can now decide to flag anomalies only above or below confidence interval using the appropriate input in the settings. This allows to get notified only when a KPI goes down (aka "bad news" 😅) for instance
    * Low samples are now aggregated by default. This means that Datama automatically aggregate previous datapoints to increase confidence in flagging anomalies. This is particularly useful for low volume ratios, for instant conversion rates monitored on hourly basis, when traffic is low during the night. 
